Changes in version 1.9:

Plzip now reports an error if a file name is empty (plzip -t "").

Option '-o, --output' now behaves like '-c, --stdout', but sending the
output unconditionally to a file instead of to standard output. See the new
description of '-o' in the manual. This change is backwards compatible only
when (de)compressing from standard input alone. Therefore commands like:
  plzip -o foo.lz - bar < foo
must now be split into:
  plzip -o foo.lz - < foo
  plzip bar
or rewritten as:
  plzip - bar < foo > foo.lz

When using '-c' or '-o', plzip now checks whether the output is a terminal
only once.

Plzip now does not even open the output file if the input file is a terminal.

The new option '--check-lib', which compares the version of lzlib used to
compile plzip with the version actually being used at run time, has been added.

The words 'decompressed' and 'compressed' have been replaced with the
shorter 'out' and 'in' in the verbose output when decompressing or testing.

When checking the integrity of multiple files, plzip is now able to continue
checking the rest of the files (instead of exiting) if some of them fail the
test, allowing 'plzip --test' to show a final diagnostic with the number of
files that failed (just as 'lzip --test').

Testing is now slightly (1.6%) faster when using lzlib 1.12.

When compressing, or when decompressing or testing from a non-seekable file
or from standard input, plzip now starts only the number of worker threads
required.

When decompressing or testing from a non-seekable file or from standard
input, trailing data are now not counted in the compressed size shown.

When decompressing or testing a multimember file, plzip now shows the
largest dictionary size of all members in the file instead of showing the
dictionary size of the first member.

Option '--list' now reports corruption or truncation of the last header in a
multimenber file specifically instead of showing the generic message "Last
member in input file is truncated or corrupt."

The error messages for 'Data error' and 'Unexpected EOF' have been shortened.

The commands needed to extract files from a tar.lz archive have been
documented in the manual, in the output of '--help', and in the man page.

Tarlz is mentioned in the manual as an alternative to tar + plzip.

Several fixes and improvements have been made to the manual.

8 new test files have been added to the testsuite.
